Austin Bailey
2/5/16
Section 07 for Lectures, Section 10 for Discussions (Didn't know which to put)

Question 1
1. Take the positive number and divide by one
2. Increment the one and divide with the new number again
3. If the remainder is 0, then remember that number
4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 until incremented number is equal to positive number
5. If the amount of numbers with a remainder of 0 is more than 2, than it
is not a prime number.
6. If the amount of numbers with a remainder of 0 is 2, than it is a prime
number.

Question 2
1. Take the given word and count the amount of letters
2. Put the letters into a list
3. Compare the first letter with the last letter in the list
4. If they aren't the same, it isn't a palindrome. Otherwise, increment the
first letter and decrement the last letter in the list.
5. Compare those to see if they are the same.
6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 until the first letter equals the last letter in the
list.
7. If all of the checks done in step 5 are true, the word is a palindrome.

Question 3
1. Take the first card of the stack and look at the number.
2. Use that number as the current lowest number.
3. Take the next notecard and look at the number.
4. Compare the number on the notecard and the current lowest number.
5. If the number on the notecard is lower than the current lowest number, then
that number is the new current lowest number.
6. Repeat steps 3 through 5 until all the notecards have been gone through.
7. Whatever the current lowest number is is the lowest number in the stack
of notecards.

Question 4
1. Take the positive number and set it as the final number.
2. Start at 1 and multiply it by the number that is 1 above it. The starting
number (1) is the current number.
3. Take the product and add it to the final total.
4. If the current number plus 1 is equal to the final number, then print the
final total. Otherwise, increment the current number.
5. Multiply the current number and the number that's one above the current
number. Add this product to the final total.
6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 until the condition in step 4 no longer applies.
